Okay,
guys.
And welcome to another student question.
Now,
the question that came in was,
can we add a specific word attachment to the email routine,
depending on a criteria that we satisfy within the data?
Now,
the specific question related to having a column in here that stated which language that
the particular recipient was spoke on then,
obviously sending a word document in that particular language there just to use the base
code that we've got.
I've already answered this in the Q and A,
but it may be a lot simpler if actually demonstrated.
So we don't have languages in here.
But what we do have is this column that states whether someone is male or female.
So what we're gonna do is go to the code on what we're gonna need in our sunscreen Male is
to increase the size of my array to three elements.
So now we have an extra element where we can add in a path to the file name.
So here's the particular part of the code that checks whether someone is blonde here.
So,
in fact,
it's held up.
Value equals blonde,
and we're in column E.
Yet we're in column E.
So after my counter,
it can happen anywhere near after my cantor.
I'm just gonna paste in the code that that I added in the Q and A section.
So what this does is it gives us to logical tests.
It says If the person is male,
add the past to the mail file name.
Now I have a folder on my desktop called New Folder and inside that I have to files both
just empty text files once called Male Doc txt one's called female dot txt.
So what we're gonna say remember,
we're in column me if the active cell offset zero minus three.
So we're in column e.
So it's gonna be looking not there,
not there.
But here it's gonna look in the column where we have our sex declared its gun safety at two
.
Active cell to offset minus three value equals male.
Then Mireille,
my counter three.
That's our new third element equals on the past to the mail file.
Then it's going to say,
actually,
if it equals female,
then add to my array my count at three.
The path to the female file and now all for all that remains for us to do is just copy that
there,
so control and see copy.
Come down to our e mailing routine.
And here we have this attachment stocks ad which we've rammed out in the past.
So I'm just gonna under Ramit on delete all of this code here,
and I'm just gonna paste in that My array.
My counter three.
So let's come back to here.
Hit play,
and I'll be back with you in a second when those emails have come through.
Okay,
there we go.
So the emails are there through,
so we have Annabelle who has a female attachment.
Looks like we got loads of females that something must be a man in here somewhere.
Oh,
here we go,
Adam.
So high there,
Adam and Adam gets the mail text,
so let me just close that.
Okay,
so they go that say that Obviously,
you can have as many logical tests as you want.
So if you are testing for five different languages,
then just have five logical tests on assigned the appropriate file here in the path name.
OK,
I hope that helps on dial.
See,
when the next student question Have a great day.
Thank you.